Okay, so now we see
how we can connect our VPC together
through peering connections.
And we also saw about the site to site VPN
and Direct Connect.
And as you can see now,
if we have a serious infrastructure on AWS,
the network topology can become quite complicated.
So to solve this mess, there has been a new service created,
which is called the Transit Gateway.
So the Transit Gateway is to have a peering connection
between thousands of VPC and your on-premises system
with a hub-and-spoke star connection.
So this looks just like this.
You have the VPC Transit Gateway in the middle,
and all your Amazon VPC, your Direct Connect gateway,
as well as your VPN connections
are connected through the Transit Gateway.
So you don't need to peer the VPC with one another,
you don't need to have different connections and routes
between each of them and Direct Connect
and side to side VPN, all of this is done
within a single gateway,
that will provide this functionality.
So it works with Amazon VPCs,
it works with the VPN connections
and the Direct Connect gateways.
And that's it.
So when in the exam, you see a way to connect hundreds
or thousands of VPC together,
with as well your on-premise infrastructure,
think no more than the Transit Gateway.
I hope that was helpful,
and I will see you in the next lecture.